[ECHOING IN]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE...
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Yugi: MORNING,
AND I BARELY SLEPT A WINK.
I SURE HOPE
I'M DOING THE RIGHT THING
IN DECIDING TO DUEL AGAIN.
BUT WITH GRANDPA'S SOUL
AT STAKE, I HAVE TO.
GRANDPA TOLD ME TO TRUST
THE ANCIENT PRESENCE
WITHIN THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE, BUT HOW CAN I?
IT WAS WILLING
TO DO ANYTHING
TO BEAT KAIBA. ANYTHING!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HUH?
HE-HEY!
HEY, YUGI.
WHAT'S UP, TéA?
HOW YA DOIN', GUYS?
AREN'T YOU READY YET?
YOU'RE GONNA BE LATE.
AND IF YOU'RE LATE,
THEY'LL DISQUALIFY YA
RIGHT OUT OF
THE TOURNAMENT.
HMM.
YU-GI-OH!
LET'S DO IT.
Tristan: WE'LL HAVE
TO CHEER YOU FROM
THE BALCONY, YUGI.
ONLY DUELISTS
ARE ALLOWED ON
THE ARENA FLOOR.
GOOD LUCK TO YOU
AND JOEY.
WELL, GUYS,
GUESS THIS
IS IT.
I'M SO PROUD.
KICK SOME BUTT!
MMM.
HUH.
[CHUCKLES]
WELL, LOOK WHO'S
FINALLY AWAKE.
MAI.
SLEEP WELL?
I WAS STARTING TO WONDER
IF YOU WOULD EVEN SHOW UP.
HMM.
HEY, THERE, DWEEB.
SO, YOU ABOUT READY
TO GET YOUR BUTT KICKED
ACROSS THE ARENA AND BACK?
DREAM ON. AT LEAST
I DIDN'T HAVE TO GO
AND STEAL THE STAR CHIPS
TO MAKE IT TO
THE FINAL ROUND OF
THIS HERE TOURNAMENT,
AND I WON'T HAVE TO
CHEAT TO BEAT YOU,
KEITH.
[THINKING]
YOU'RE SUCH A SAD CASE.
YOU DON'T EVEN REALIZED
I SWIPED YOUR CARD,
THE ONE YOU NEED
TO QUALIFY FOR THE FINALS.
YOU'VE ALREADY LOST,
AND YOU'RE TOO DUMB
TO KNOW IT.
ATTENTION! ATTENTION!
THE DUEL CHAMPION PLAYOFFS
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN!
ALL FINALISTS
WILL NOW ENTER THE ARENA!
Bakura: HERE THEY COME.
AND NOW, YOUR HOST,
MR. MAXIMILLION PEGASUS!
[THINKING] HE'S HERE!
YUGI, JOEY, MAI,
AND BANDIT KEITH.
I WELCOME ALL OF YOU
TO THE PLAYOFF ARENA.
HERE IS WHERE
THE LAST GREAT
DUEL MONSTERS DUELS
SHALL BE WAGED
TO DETERMINE
THE CHAMPIONSHIP
OF THE DUELIST KINGDOM.
ONLY ONE OF YOU SHALL
EMERGE VICTORIOUS.
ONLY ONE OF YOU
SHALL WIN THE
$3 MILLION PRIZE.
[THINKING] IT'S GOTTA BE ME.
THAT PRIZE WILL PAY
FOR MY SISTER'S OPERATION.
AND, OF COURSE,
THE VICTOR IN THE PLAYOFFS
SHALL ALSO EARN
THE RIGHT TO CHALLENGE ME
IN THE FINAL MATCH.
Tristan:
CHALLENGE YOU?
WELL, ISN'T
THAT SPECIAL.
AND WHAT DOES THE
PLAYOFF WINNER GET
FOR DEFEATING YOU
IN THE FINAL DUEL?
THE VICTOR WILL BE
GRANTED ONE REQUEST,
WHATEVER HIS, OR HER,
HEART MOST DESIRES.
AND IF IT IS WITHIN
MY VAST POWER TO DO SO,
THEIR WISH WILL BE GRANTED.
THE VICTOR WILL ALSO
BE DECLARED THE UNDISPUTED
DUELIST KINGDOM CHAMPION,
RANKED NUMBER ONE
IN THE WORLD.
THE CHAMPION
OF THE WORLD?
AND, BOYS, THAT'LL BE ME.
SURELY ANY DUELIST
WHO HAS COME THIS FAR
MUST REALIZE THAT THE TITLE,
AND NOT THE MONEY,
IS THE REAL PRIZE.
IS THAT NOT SO?
YOU'RE A REGULAR
COMEDIAN.
LISTEN, YOU. THE MONEY'S
ALL I NEED FOR MY
SISTER'S OPERATION.
YES. YES. I'M SURE
SOME OF YOU
HAVE MORE RIDING
ON THIS TOURNAMENT
THAN OTHERS, HMM, YUGI?
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING] PEGASUS.
YOU'VE GOT MY GRANDPA'S SOUL,
AND MOKUBA, AND EVEN
SETO KAIBA CAPTIVE.
BUT I'LL FIND A WAY
TO DEFEAT YOU NO MATTER WHAT,
AND SAVE THEM ALL!
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GET
THIS SHOW ON THE ROAD.
ONLY ONE OF YOU WILL
EMERGE VICTORIOUS
FROM THESE PLAYOFFS,
BUT I WISH YOU ALL
GOOD FORTUNE.
NOW SHUFFLE YOUR DECKS, AND
MAY THE BEST DUELIST WIN!
Announcer: THE FIRST DUEL
WILL NOW BEGIN.
MAI VALENTINE VERSUS
YUGI MOTO.
DUELISTS PLEASE PROCEED
TO THE ARENA.
[THINKING] NO MATTER
WHAT HAPPENS,
I'VE GOT TO KEEP THE SPIRIT
FROM MY MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
UNDER CONTROL.
I CAN'T RISK
HIM HURTING MAI.
BEFORE WE BEGIN,
YOU MUST EACH
SHOW ME THE CARD
REQUIRED FOR YOUR
PARTICIPATION.
BOTH QUALIFY.
THE DUEL MAY PROCEED.
GOOD LUCK.
GO, YUGI!
HEY!
JOEY!
WHAT'S WITH YOU, JOEY?
WHAT? I WAS JUST
GETTIN' A BIRD'S EYE
VIEW OF THE ACTION.
GO, YUGE!
WIPE HER OUT, MAN!
[THINKING] I'VE GOTTA
BE AT MY BEST
IF I'M GONNA MAKE IT
THROUGH THESE PLAYOFFS.
BUT I ALSO HAVE
TO KEEP THE SPIRIT
OF MY MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
IN CHECK.
I MEAN, IF PEGASUS
CAN STEAL SOULS WITH
HIS MILLENNIUM ITEM,
WHO KNOWS WHAT THE
SPIRIT OF THE PUZZLE
MIGHT DO TO WIN
AGAINST MAI.
[THINKING] I USED TO THINK
THE ONLY PERSON ON EARTH
A DUELIST COULD TRUST
WAS HERSELF.
EVERYONE ELSE WAS JUST
AN OPPONENT.
THEN I MET YUGI,
AND I LEARNED THROUGH HIM
THAT EVEN THE STRONGEST
OPPONENTS IN THE ARENA
COULD STILL BE FRIENDS
OUTSIDE IT.
IF HE HADN'T LOANED ME
HIS STAR CHIPS,
I MIGHT NEVER HAVE MADE IT
TO THE FINAL ROUND.
I OWE HIM A VERY GREAT DEBT.
I PROMISED YUGI
AN HONORABLE DUEL,
AND THAT'S JUST WHAT
I'M GONNA GIVE HIM.
BUT IF HE THINKS
THAT MEANS I'M NOT
GONNA BATTLE ALL OUT,
HE'S DREAMING.
I'M GONNA GIVE THIS MATCH
EVERYTHING I'VE GOT,
SO WHEN YUGI GOES DOWN,
IT'LL BE A VICTORY
I CAN BE PROUD OF.
AS MUCH AS I LIKE HIM,
I PLAN TO DUEL HARD,
AND I PLAN TO WIN.
I PROMISED HIM
AN HONORABLE DUEL,
NOT AN EASY ONE.
HERE I COME, HOTSHOT!
RIGHT!
Both: DUEL!
[YUGI CHUCKLES]
IF YOU'RE
PLAYING HONORABLY,
YOU CAN'T TRY
YOUR PSYCHIC ACT ON ME
THE WAY YOU DID ON JOEY.
UH-UH. NO TRICKS
THIS TIME, YUGI.
[THINKING] YOU KNOW,
I BELIEVE HER.
MAI'S REALLY
COME A LONG WAY.
I'M NOT ALL
SMOKE AND MIRRORS, KIDDO.
EVEN WITHOUT MY TRICKS,
I CAN STILL DUEL
WITH THE BEST OF 'EM.
AND I PLAY...
HARPY LADY IN ATTACK MODE!
[SCREECHES]
THAT MOVE IS MAI'S
STANDARD OPENING PLOY.
YUGI,
BE CAREFUL!
WATCH OUT!
NOTHIN' TO
WORRY ABOUT.
YUGI KNOWS
WHAT'S COMIN', TéA.
HE'S SEEN MAI'S
HARPY LADY IN ACTION,
LIKE, A BILLION
TIMES ALREADY.
AND NOW I'LL LAY DOWN
A SECOND CARD,
WHICH WILL FINISH MY TURN.
[THINKING] I'D BETTER
FINISH THIS FAST.
THE QUICKER
I DEFEAT MAI,
THE LESS CHANCE
FOR INTERFERENCE
BY THE SPIRIT INSIDE
MY MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
GAIA, THE FIERCE KNIGHT.
ATTACK HARPY LADY!
[THINKING]
HEH HEH. GOTCHA.
[NEIGHS]
THANKS, YUGI.
I WANTED YOU TO ATTACK.
IT'LL SET OFF MY TRAP.
[SCREECHES]
NO! MY KNIGHT!
[GASPS] A WALL?
YOUR GAIA RAN SMACK
INTO MY MIRROR WALL,
WHICH CUTS ANY
OF YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POWER IN HALF.
AS SOON AS YOUR
MONSTER ATTACKED,
THE MIRROR WALL ROSE UP
TO PROTECT MY HARPY LADY.
YOUR FIERCE KNIGHT
MET AN EQUAL ATTACK
FROM ITS OWN REFLECTION,
DRAINING HALF ITS POINTS.
PRETTY DARN SLICK, HUH, YUGI?
[GROANS]
GUESS IT'S MY TURN AGAIN.
HIGH FASHION
FOR HARPY LADY.
CYBER SHIELD!
THE MAKEOVER'S COMPLETE!
HARPY LADY, ATTACK GAIA!
CYBER SLASH!
[SCREECHES]
WELL, LIKE THEY SAY,
NICE GAIAS FINISH LAST.
HE'S GONE.
HARPY LADY'S CLAW ATTACK
REDUCED MY FIERCE KNIGHT
TO RIBBONS!
[LAUGHS] I'M AMAZED
YOU FELL FOR THAT TRAP, YUGI.
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE LOSING YOUR EDGE
IN A CHAMPIONSHIP GAME.
HA!
IF I DIDN'T KNOW BETTER,
I'D SAY YOU'RE HOLDING BACK.
[THINKING]
I AM HOLDING BACK,
BUT MAYBE
THIS WILL HELP,
SUMMONED SKULL.
IF I CAN JUST
KEEP DRAWING
POWERFUL CARDS LIKE HIM,
THIS MATCH
WILL BE OVER QUICK,
AND I CAN STOP
WORRYING ABOUT
THE SPIRIT OF
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
[OUT LOUD] I LAY
ONE CARD FACE DOWN,
AND THEN I'LL
ATTACK WITH THIS.
[ROARS]
LET'S SEE
YOUR HARPY LADY
STAND UP TO THIS.
SUMMONED SKULL,
ELECTRIFY THAT
HARPY!
LIGHTNING STRIKE!
HMM. YOU'RE REALLY
OFF YOUR GAME TODAY, YUGI.
YOU MAKE THE SAME
MISTAKE TWICE?
THE MIRROR WALL?!
THAT'S RIGHT!
♪ BACK AGAIN ♪
[ROARS]
NOW SUMMONED SKULL'S
ATTACK POWER IS CUT
IN HALF, TOO.
UGH. THEN IT'S--
IT'S A PERMANENT TRAP?
VERY GOOD!
A COUPLE OF TURNS TOO LATE,
BUT NOW YOU'RE CATCHING ON.
BETTER HURRY AND
GET THAT LITTLE BRAIN
OF YOURS IN GEAR, YUGI.
MOST OF THE TRAP CARDS
I'VE ENCOUNTERED BEFORE
DISAPPEAR FROM
THE FIELD ONCE
THEY'VE BEEN SPRUNG,
SO YOUR PERMANENT TRAP
TOOK ME BY SURPRISE.
IT'S THE EXCEPTION
TO THAT RULE.
MM-HMM. IT'S VERY
EXCEPTIONAL, JUST LIKE ME.
AS LONG AS
IT'S ON THE FIELD,
IT'LL UNLEASH
THE SAME DELIGHTFUL EFFECT
AGAIN AND AGAIN,
EVERY TIME YOU LAUNCH
AN ATTACK. GET IT?
NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES
YOU TRY TO COME AT ME,
YOUR MONSTERS CAN NEVER
REACH MY HARPY LADY.
LET'S FACE IT,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO BRING
YOUR GAME UP A FEW NOTCHES
JUST TO KEEP ME
INTERESTED, YUGI!
MAI'S RIGHT.
YUGI'S GAME SEEMS OFF.
HIS STRATEGY IS WHACK, MAN!
HE CAN'T JUST ATTACK!
WHY ISN'T HE THINKIN'
THROUGH HIS MOVES,
LIKE HE'S ALWAYS
TELLIN' ME?
OH, YUGI! WHAT
ARE YOU THINKING?
[THINKING] YUGI!
PLEASE LET ME HELP YOU!
[THINKING] NO!
I CAN'T TAKE THAT RISK!
[GROWLS]
[SCREECHES]
HMM. WHAT IS WITH YOU?
I EXPECTED
A REAL BATTLE FROM YOU,
AND ALL I GET IS THIS
LAME FRONTAL ASSAULT.
[GROWLS]
THE ONLY REASON
I DUEL, YUGI,
ASIDE FROM THE ISLAND TRIPS,
THE CLOTHES, THE CARS,
THE PRIZE MONEY,
IS THE THRILL OF
TROUNCING A WORTHY OPPONENT.
ARE YOU SAYING
I'M NOT WORTHY?
NOT TODAY, KIDDO.
YOUR BODY MAY
BE IN THIS ARENA,
BUT YOUR HEAD
AND YOUR HEART
HAVE SPLIT FOR PARTS UNKNOWN.
IT'S REALLY A LETDOWN.
YOU'RE QUESTIONING
MY FIGHTING SPIRIT
AS WELL?
BINGO! IT SEEMS LIKE
YOU'RE STILL SHELL-SHOCKED
ABOUT THE TROUNCING
YOU GOT FROM KAIBA
IN YOUR LAST DUEL.
WELL, GET OVER IT!
I'M YOUR OPPONENT NOW,
AND I WANT TO BEAT SOMEONE
BATTLING AT HIS BEST,
NOT SOME DUELIST
WHO ACTS LIKE HE'S
AFRAID OF HIS OWN SHADOW.
YOU'VE GOT TO SHAPE UP, YUGI,
AND GET YOUR ACT IN GEAR,
OR I'M GONNA KNOCK YOU
OUT OF THIS TOURNAMENT!
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
IT'S NOT ABOUT KAIBA.
[CHUCKLES]
[THINKING] AH, YUGI,
I CAN SENSE YOUR FEAR.
FOR SOME REASON,
YOU'RE AFRAID TO FULLY TAP
THE INCREDIBLE POWERS
OF YOUR MILLENNIUM PUZZLE.
A FEAR I PLAN TO CURE YOU OF
WHEN I MAKE
YOUR PUZZLE MINE!
WELL, WHATEVER'S GOING ON,
IT'S BORING.
I CAN'T
LET YOU WIN, MAI!
LET ME WIN? LISTEN, HON.
THE WAY YOU'VE
BEEN PLAYING TODAY,
I DON'T THINK
THERE'S A SINGLE THING
YOU CAN DO TO STOP ME!
I PROMISED YOU
AN HONORABLE DUEL, YUGI,
AND I THOUGHT YOU'D
GIVE ME THE SAME.
YOU READY TO DUEL
FOR REAL NOW?
ARE YOU GONNA PUT
YOUR HEART IN IT?
OR ARE YOU
GOING TO PUNK OUT?
I WISH SHE'D ZIP IT.
MAI'S EVEN
MORE OBNOXIOUS
WHEN SHE'S WINNING.
YUGI! DON'T LET HER
PSYCH YOU OUT, MAN!
YOU JUST
GOTTA IGNORE HER!
BUT DIDN'T MAI PROMISE
AN HONORABLE DUEL?
[THINKING] I DON'T THINK
SHE'S TRYING TO
PSYCH YUGI OUT.
I THINK SHE'S TRYING
TO HELP HIM OUT,
LIKE SHE DID LAST TIME.
SO YOU LOST ONE MATCH.
YUGI, THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT YOU CAN JUST GIVE UP.
WHATEVER IS GOING ON
IN YOUR HEAD,
JUST DEAL WITH IT
AND MOVE ON!
[THINKING] IN HER OWN
WEIRD WAY,
MAI'S JUST TRYING
TO HELP YUGI.
SHE'S BEEN DREAMING
OF THIS REMATCH,
BUT SHE WANTS
TO FACE HIM AT HIS BEST,
NOT LIKE THIS.
WELL?
BELIEVE ME, MAI.
I'M GIVING ALL I CAN.
[THINKING] I WANT
TO BELIEVE HIM.
WINNING WON'T
MEAN AS MUCH
IF HE'S NOT AT
THE TOP OF HIS GAME,
BUT HE JUST
SEEMS SO DISTRACTED.
I PROMISE YOU, MAI!
I'M NOT ABOUT TO
LOSE THIS DUEL!
NOW, MAKE
YOUR NEXT MOVE!
[THINKING] HMM,
MAYBE HE'S RIGHT.
MAYBE I AM MAKING
TOO MUCH OF THIS.
I REALLY DO HOPE
THAT'S THE CASE, YUGI,
OR DEFEATING YOU
WILL BE NO FUN AT ALL.
YUGI THINKS
I'LL SEND HARPY LADY
TO ATTACK SUMMONED SKULL.
THAT'S WHY HE'S PLAYED
THE OTHER CARD FACE DOWN.
IT HAS TO BE A TRAP.
NO ATTACK THIS TIME.
INSTEAD, I'M GONNA
SWEEP YOUR TRAP AWAY...
WITH HARPY'S FEATHER DUSTER!
[GASPS]
[SCREECHES]
THE HIDDEN CARD
I PLAYED WAS
THE SPELLBINDING CIRCLE.
IF YOU HAD
DECLARED AN ATTACK,
YOUR HARPY WOULD'VE
BEEN SNARED IN THE TRAP.
VERY CLEVER OF YOU, MAI.
I DO APPRECIATE
THE COMPLIMENT.
KEEP YOUR EYES ON ME, YUGI.
I MIGHT TEACH YOU
A THING OR 2.
[THINKING] MAI STILL
HAS THAT MIRROR WALL
IN PLAY.
I CAN'T ATTACK WITHOUT
MY MONSTER'S POWER
BEING CUT IN HALF.
I NEED TO ALTER
MY STRATEGY.
I'LL SWITCH SKULL
TO DEFENSE MODE.
AND TO FINISH MY MOVE,
I'LL ALSO PLAY
THE FERAL IMP
IN DEFENSE.
NOT MUCH ELSE
YOU CAN DO, IS THERE, YUGI?
SINCE I'VE LEFT YOU
NO WAY TO ATTACK.
MY TURN NOW.
I PLAY ROSE WHIP,
TO RAISE MY MONSTER'S
ATTACK POWER.
[SCREECHES]
[THINKING] SHE KEEPS
POWERING HARPY LADY
AND HIDING BEHIND THAT
MIRROR WALL AS A SHIELD.
LET ME HELP YOU, YUGI.
WE CAN DEFEAT HER TOGETHER.
NOW YOUR IMP'S GONNA FEEL
MY HARPY'S STING!
WHIPLASH ATTACK!
[SCREECHES]
[THINKING]
THAT'S NOTHING, YUGI.
STICK AROUND.
THE FUN'S JUST BEGINNING.
LOOKS LIKE
MAI'S REALLY GOT
YUGI RATTLED.
WATCH IT, YUGE!
MAI'S GONNA TRY
TO MULTIPLY
HER HARPY LADY NEXT!
DON'T LET HER!
YUGI! DON'T
GIVE UP!
I'VE GOT TO
TURN THIS AROUND!
[THINKING] BUT HOW?
MAI'S PLAYING
BRILLIANTLY, WHILE
MY ATTENTION IS DIVIDED.
YOU PROMISED
YOU'D TRY HARDER, YUGI,
BUT I SEE NOW
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
HMM, WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
WELL, WITH THIS CARD,
MY HARPY COMBO WON'T
BE QUITE COMPLETE.
BUT IT'LL GIVE ME
MORE THAN ENOUGH POWER
TO VAPORIZE
THAT GRUNGY OLD SKULL.
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
THE EVER-FAITHFUL SERVANT
OF HARPY LADY!
[ROARS]
WHAT IS THAT?
HARPY'S OH-SO-CUDDLY
PET DRAGON.
SWEET AS A KITTEN, ISN'T HE?
WELL, SWEET AS
A FIRE-BREATHING
KITTY CAN BE.
AND HE GETS
300 MORE ATTACK POINTS
JUST BY SITTING
NEAR HIS MASTER!
NOW, BLAST
THAT SKULL TO ASHES!
FEARSOME FIRE BLAST!
Yugi: NO!
HARPY'S PET DRAGON, ATTACK!
MY SUMMONED SKULL!
HA! I TOLD YOU,
YOU'VE GOTTA CONCENTRATE
IF YOU'RE GONNA
STAND A CHANCE AGAINST ME!
WHY ARE YOU PLAYING
SO POORLY, YUGI?
I'VE GOT YOU ON THE ROPES,
AND YOU'RE BARELY
PUTTING UP A FIGHT!
I WANT TO DUEL YOU
AT YOUR BEST,
BUT THERE'S ONLY
SO FAR I'M WILLING TO GO.
YOU KNOW, I REMEMBER
JOEY ONCE ASKED ME
AN IMPORTANT QUESTION
ABOUT WHY I DUEL.
THE ANSWER I GAVE HIM
WAS FRIVOLOUS, BUT HONEST.
CAN YOU ANSWER
THE QUESTION, YUGI?
I'M DUELING FOR
MY GRANDFATHER, MAI.
HEY, HE'S GOT
A HECK OF A LOT
BETTER ANSWER
THAN YOU DID, MAI!
LISTEN, ME AND YUGI
AREN'T JUST DUELING
FOR OURSELVES,
YOU KNOW!
WELL, THAT'S WHAT YOU SAY.
BUT TELL ME, COULD IT BE
YOUR MOTIVES AREN'T
ENTIRELY UNSELFISH?
HUH? WHAT ARE
YOU SAYIN', MAI?
THAT MAYBE WE SHOULD
BE MORE LIKE YOU?
WELL, I GUESS
WE COULD DO THAT!
I'M GORGEOUS!
I'M SUCH
A GREAT DUELIST!
I LOVE ME!
HOW'S THAT?
YOU ARE SUCH A TWIT!
JOEY, CAN'T YOU SEE
I'M TRYING TO BE SERIOUS?
I CAN SEE
YOU'RE TRYING
TO SERIOUSLY MESS
WITH YUGI'S HEAD!
AND YOU'RE MAKING
HIM AND ME
AND EVERYBODY CRAZY
AND DIZZY AND--AAH!
WILL YOU
CONTROL YOURSELF?
[THINKING] HMM.
YOU'RE WRONG, JOEY.
I'M NOT TRYING
TO CONFUSE YUGI,
AND YOU'RE OFF-KILTER ENOUGH
WITHOUT ANY HELP FROM ME.
SOMETHING'S
HAPPENED TO YUGI,
AND HE'LL NEED MORE
THAN HIS FRIENDSHIP
WITH ALL OF YOU
TO SNAP HIM OUT OF IT.
THERE'S ONLY
SO MUCH I CAN DO.
I MAY ADMIRE YUGI,
BUT I'M STILL DETERMINED
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
[THINKING] MAI'S RIGHT
ABOUT ONE THING--
I CAN'T AFFORD
TO BE DISTRACTED NOW.
WINNING THIS DUEL
IS ALL THAT MATTERS.
YES! THE DARK MAGICIAN!
THIS CARD
WOULD DEFINITELY
BE POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO DEFEAT
HARPY'S PET DRAGON,
IF I COULD ATTACK.
BUT I CAN'T,
NOT WHILE MAI'S
MIRROR WALL TRAP CARD
IS STILL IN PLAY.
I NEED ANOTHER TACTIC.
WAIT, I KNOW!
I'LL MATCH HER
TRAP FOR TRAP!
[OUT LOUD] I'LL LAY
ONE CARD FACE DOWN,
AND THEN THROW
DARK MAGICIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
[THINKING]
COME ON, MAI. ATTACK.
I'VE MATCHED
YOUR MIRROR WALL
WITH A CARD
CALLED MIRROR FORCE!
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
WILL BE DESTROYED!
NOW IT'S MY TURN!
[THINKING] HMM. THIS CARD
WILL NEARLY COMPLETE
MY HARPY COMBO.
WHATEVER TRAP
YOU SET FOR ME, YUGI,
JUST BECAME USELESS.
[OUT LOUD] I PLAY
THIS ACCESSORY CARD:
SHADOW OF EYES!
HUH? THE SHADOW OF EYES?
WATCH THE ARENA.
I REALLY DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THIS AT ALL.
WHAT IS THIS?
MY DARK MAGICIAN
IS SWITCHING
TO ATTACK MODE!
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT'S THE MAGIC
OF SHADOW OF EYES.
IT EXUDES
AN IRRESISTIBLE FORCE
THAT CAN LURE
EVEN THE MIGHTIEST
MONSTERS INTO BATTLE.
MAI'S TRYING TO FORCE
YUGI INTO ATTACKING!
THAT MEANS
THAT THROWING MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE
IS USELESS, TOO.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR, DARK MAGICIAN?
ATTACK HARPY LADY!
AND I KNOW THAT
YOU PLAYED A TRAP CARD,
SO HARPY'S FEATHER DUSTER,
GIVE HIM A DUSTING OFF!
[SCREECHES]
NO! SHE'S ELIMINATED
MY MIRROR FORCE CARD!
NOW, TO BLOW SOME
EXTRA SMOKE YOUR WAY,
DRAGON, FEARSOME FIRE BLAST!
[ROARS]
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE YOUR FAVORITE CARD
THE DARK MAGICIAN LEFT.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO NOW?
YEAH, WHAT IS
YUGI GONNA DO NOW?
YUGI, YOU CAN
STILL TURN
THIS AROUND.
I KNOW YOU CAN!
Joey: UH, YEAH.
IT ONLY LOOKS HOPELESS.
I CAN'T LOSE THIS MATCH!
[THINKING] YUGI,
LET ME HELP YOU!
IF YOU CONTINUE
TO HOLD ME BACK,
EVERYBODY LOSES!